Supervisor feedback (#80)
chhoumann/p8: report/src/bluetooth_presence_methods/trilateration.tex

\section{Lateration}
Lateration is a technique using multiple, immovable reference points to estimate the distance to an object~\cite{presence_ble_review}.

During the technique, the distance from the subject of interest to multiple nodes must be known. 
As both the location and an approximate distance to the nodes are known, one can estimate the location of the subject by examining circles defined by the distance from the subject to the nodes.
The point of intersection of these circles will define the approximate location of the subject.\cite{laterationExplanation}  

In the context of Bluetooth systems, the nodes are often BLE beacons that broadcast information about their specification. 

> The content of this broadcast is called an \textit{adverticement}. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The content of this broadcast is called an \textit{advertisement}. 
```

We will refer to the nodes as \textit{broadcasters} while any entity listening and reacting to its advertisements as a \textit{receiver}.
When using Bluetooth, the reference points are often BLE beacons, and the receiver some other Bluetooth-capable device.~\cite{apple2023ibeacon} 

The beacons periodically broadcast an advertisement, notifying receivers of information about themselves. 
If the beacon uses the iBeacon protocol ~\cite{apple2023ibeacon} the advertisement will include information about the beacon's transmission power, its name, and a group used to categorize the device.
The advertisement and its content are collected by receivers which use the signal strength of the received signal and the information about the beacon's transmission power to calculate distance estimations to each beacon. 

> By analysing the distance estimations between the beacons and the receiver, the position of the receiver is estimated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By analyzing the distance estimations between the beacons and the receiver, the position of the receiver is estimated.
```

This can be defined as $L(d) = 10n log_{10}(d)+C$, where $C$ represents signal loss and background noise, and $n$ is a loss factor. \cite{taking_localization_to_the_wild}

> Various models using different variants of constants $C$ and $n$ exist\cite{path_loss_models}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Numerous models exist that utilize differing variants of the constants $C$ and $n$ \cite{path_loss_models}.
```
